well howdy there Internet people it's
vel again
so today we're going to talk about the
economy because the pundits have seen
their stock market portfolios and they
are just out in out in full force
pushing the idea that none of this is
necessary that it's more detrimental to
the economy than it is good for people
it's not true
I've said a couple of times that I don't
care about the economy in regards to
some of the measures that are being
taken the the reason is taking these
measures is good for the economy over
the long haul the reality is this if we
only enact a half measures if we only do
this in a half-hearted manner it's going
to be half effective which means not
effective at all it's not going to do
any good
which is going to prolong the economic
slowdown so let's run through a scenario
right now everybody's aware of the
problem and people are being told to
kind of hang out at home staycation if
tomorrow the president comes out and
says hey never mind go on about your
business and I head out to Disney World
and there is there's a whole bunch of
people that catch it there what happens
everybody goes back to staying at home
and then the next time those in
authority say that everything's clear
it's all good go on out and resume your
lives nobody believes it so they stay
home again so what you will end up doing
is lengthening the period of economic
slowdown we either have to act or deal
with the fact that this indecision by
the president this advice he's getting
from people that are in no position to
give advice
is going to completely destroy the US
economy the rallying cry flatten the
curve not the economy if we do not
flatten the curve if we do not act in a
decisive manner to keep everybody at
home and isolated and and not out there
spreading this it will flatten the
economy for a longer period than 21 or
30 days it will go on all year and in
the next this is what's going to have to
happen it doesn't matter if you like it
it doesn't matter what it does to your
portfolio it doesn't matter if you do
not support these measures if you do not
act if you do not participate yourself
and you get out there and you just start
spreading it around then you're gonna
destroy your portfolio that which you
really care about since apparently human
life is not a motivator for you we all
have to get behind this this is what its
gonna take the idea that we can do it
half-heartedly or the idea that anytime
the stock market Falls but we can just
call it off number one you're
endangering people number two it's
self-defeating because it will prolong
the period of economic slowdown because
there will be that uncertainty there
will be those flare-ups randomly that
that's not what we need we need action
not talk on Twitter
you can't even commit to an idea on
Twitter maybe you're not really fit to
leave a nation if you can't just stick
to a concept it's not like anybody's
expecting the president to go do
anything anymore
we're just at this point most of us are
just hoping for him not to be an active
harm this is what it's going to take
this is what every expert in the field
says it's going to take you can listen
to them or yeah you can listen to Fox
News or Britt Bart who do you think has
your best interest at heart
those who have shown that their interest
is money or those who have spent their
life trying to figure out a way to
protect society from this very threat
stay home it doesn't matter what the
president says it doesn't matter what
Fox News says it doesn't matter what
Donald Jr retweets if you want to
protect the economy support a 21 or 30
day everybody stay at home because
that's what it's going to take your your
portfolio during that period yeah it's
going to take a hit it most certainly
will it'll be a bad one but if you don't
support it you don't act on it it's
going to take that hit now and then two
months from now and then three months
from now and it'll continue this is how
we stop it this is how we buy enough
time for treatments and preventive
measures to be developed to be tested to
be put out there because contrary to
some other things on the president's
Twitter profile medicines have to be
treated or medicines have to be tested
they just can't throw them out there
we're gonna have to act together and
this is what its gonna take you can
either get on board with it or you can
be responsible for completely destroying
the US economy and people's lives anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night